Document how to resolve Version Conflicts (#513)
GlitchEnzo/NuGetForUnity: README.md

## Usage

Restore nuget packages of a single Unity Project: `dotnet nugetforunity restore <PROJECT_PATH>`. If installed as a global tool it can be called without the `dotnet` prefix: `nugetforunity restore <PROJECT_PATH>`.

# Common issues when installing NuGet packages

> Unity is relatively special as it uses a different runtime, a fork of the [Mono](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/Mono.html) runtime, than the standerd .Net from Microsoft uses. For some platforms Unity even uses [IL2CPP](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/IL2CPP.html) that compiles all C# code to C++ code. So Unity also uses a different build-system. This can lead to some issues with NuGet packages that heavily depend on the standard .Net build-system. NuGetForUnity tries to handle most of the changes needed for NuGet packages to work inside Unity but it is not able to resolve all issues.

Author: ```suggestion
In the .Net ecosystem Unity is relatively special as it doesn't use the standard .Net runtime from Microsoft instead it uses a fork of the [Mono](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/Mono.html) runtime. For some platforms Unity even uses [IL2CPP](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/IL2CPP.html) that compiles all C# code to C++ code. So Unity also uses a different build-system. This can lead to some issues with NuGet packages that heavily depend on the standard .Net build-system. NuGetForUnity tries to handle most of the changes needed to allow using NuGet packages inside Unity but it is not able to resolve all issues.
```

## Version Conflicts

If two NuGet packages depend on the same package but reference different versions of it, Unity shows a error like:

```
Assembly 'Assets/Packages/System.Diagnostics.EventLog.4.7.0/lib/netstandard2.0/System.Diagnostics.EventLog.dll' will not be loaded due to errors:
System.Diagnostics.EventLog references strong named System.Security.Principal.Windows Assembly references: 4.1.1.0 Found in project: 4.1.3.0.
Assembly Version Validation can be disabled in Player Settings "Assembly Version Validation"
```

> As mentioned in the message this error can be suppresed by changing a setting. Just go to Edit -> Project Settings -> Player -> Scroll down and expand "Other Settings" than uncheck "Assembly Version Validation" unther the "Configuration" section.

Author: ```suggestion
As mentioned in the message this error can be suppressed by changing a setting. Just go to Edit -> Project Settings -> Player -> Scroll down and expand "Other Settings" than uncheck "Assembly Version Validation" under the "Configuration" section.
```
